Soemtimes people fall through floor/tunels and don't come back out (matt)
Lazer sight could be helpful!
Projectiles last a little bit too long
Pulling feels snowbally, if you hit the person once you can just keep hitting them until they die
Random spawn points
Invulnerability after spawn!!!!
bottom left tunnel on nathan is broken
3 lives feels okay per level
Snowbally to the point of cheap. First few hits feel good/respondable, eventually you just have too much control
	Slower rate of fire, higher effect

Horizontal kills feels easier than vertical, vertical hazards feel like jump warnings
	Pull someone into a pit was good, pull upwards was hard

Semi - auto feels good for now

Sometimes falling through floor

Pulling through tunnel should reverse effect

A might be better for jumping, but people got used to
	Some people found it awkward, some thought it was good

"is there a jump"

cover could be helpful

Visual indicator of what's push and pull

Aiming is too fine grain

Sometimes you hit the spikes when you aren't expecting to, spikes too low to the ground maybe

Jumping is too high

Bullets are hard to track with your eyes, animation is a little choppy

Hitting people over long distances is a little too hard

Different weapons could be pretty cool

Variable height jumps!

Samus style charge shots

jump should be up shots not intuitive that right is pull and left is push

bullets are too weak and nothing really happens.

too weak of a force
Should be bigger for four player

Ammo maybe?

Add a jump bullet

People can move through the vertical part of the crosslike platforms  nathan level, sometimes fall through floor / corners

Jump should be variable

the force needs to be stronger, literally yank someone in a direction.

thinks it should be right is to push and left is to pull.

teleports are a little fucked up

arrow around your person.

players jitter, about to fall through the floor.

too hard to hit someone, wayyy too hard. 

respawn is fucked up. 

people are dying from moving, not from eachother. 

should fling you in a direction when you get hit, not just offset you. 

hard to aim

hold the button and then aim, eh, not down.

people keep just jumping into lava.

jump button is natural on A.

**we can make jump A and Left Bumper.

arrow around so you can see where ur aiming

